hello how are we in summer and sin we were going to make a cold Andalusian soup
that be a white job
the cries of let's use
the apache's lawyer or but they are not exactly the same percent a
little look of bread
soaked when wet
Do not get soaked from the 11 Aug
let's put order
sabrina greve 20
cold water
teachers of ajó
and in the americas
well first of all we take the almonds
if we put them
this side of the box
in a glass for titles
once the almonds are put
we went through here
and we add the two cloves of garlic
and crew
good below same youngest galván
javier losada
to the smallest of the almonds
we will beat again
until more or less than 9
as a gender
we are that it costs us to put a little water
now we will add
we will all pass past to proceed to rectify the vinegar that three
rooms of the same
we beat one eye
and then
prepare to add oil little by little they went to older
the truce mix
we are going to change containers
the bus manager
these two jobs
us who
time to have them ready mix
we just lack and adding water
divorcing
that's why we believe the mixture that
you have to add a liter of water
then we cover
if we put in the refrigerator until it is cold admonished to try to eat well
it's already cooled ajoblanco in the fridge
we do not put in a bowl
rotated cadiz
and the low value of housing
with some grapes when we see them
but we will pick them up
this measure that we are going to be very present